How to enable pr testing (#4593)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Intermediate/Testing/BuildFarmTesting.rst

.. BuildFarmTesting:

Testing Your Code with the ROS Build Farm
=========================================

The `ROS 2 Build Farm <https://build.ros2.org/>`_ is incredibly powerful.
In addition to creating binaries, it will also test pull requests by compiling and running all the tests for your ROS packages before the PR is merged.

There are four prerequisites.

 * The GitHub user `@ros-pull-request-builder <https://github.com/ros-pull-request-builder>`_ must have access to the repository.
 * The GitHub repository must have the webhooks set up.

>  * `Your package must be released in rosdistro </How-To-Guides/Releasing/Releasing-a-Package>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `Your package must be indexed in rosdistro </How-To-Guides/Releasing/Index-Your-Packages>`
```

The package need not be fully released (as a binary with bloom) as long as its indexed as a source package it is eligible for devel and PR jobs.
